based on songs and stories heroes now
passing tales and glories that once was
doubling down the hallowed halls and
houses the hunting children's rise that
once was Dublin City marine Rosie as the
wife declines I remember Dublin City
roll time
it is Shawn Dempsey as public as can be
born hard and late in Pimlico in a house
that ceased to be by trade I was a
Cooper lost out to redundancy like my
house that fell to progress my trades a
memory
ring ring rosy as the whites declines I
remember Dublin city
roll time
and I caught it Peggy
Dinah as pretty as you please rogue and
child of Mary from the rebel liberties I
lost her to a student chap with skin as
black as coal we took her to Birmingham
she took away my rules as the wives
declines I remember the blue city
the years have made me bitter the
garbled step migraine cuz Dublin keeps
on changing nothing seems the same who
around the met have done the royal lock
since pulled down and the gray
unyielding concrete makes the city of my
town
ringa ring rosy as the lights declines I
remember Dublin City
very well sweetened with e I cannot walk
this day and watch the new blast cages
that spring up along the key My Mind's
too full of memories totally new chimes
I'm a part of what was doubling in the
rare old ring the rosy as the wise
declines I remember TT
all times ringa ringa Rosie as the
whites declines I remember the Dublin
City